Privacy Policy

store info & control takes your privacy seriously. To better protect your privacy I provide this privacy policy notice explaining the way your personal information is collected and used.


Collection of Routine Information

This app track basic information about their user. This information includes, but is not limited to, geolocation, email adress, password, as well as your entered input to the textfields. Location information will never be saved to any databases. None of this information can personally identify specific user to this app. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.


Cookies

Where necessary, this app uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the user and/or present the user with customized content.


Advertisement and Other Third Parties

There is no ad in the app. 


Links to Third Party Websites

I have included links on this app for your use and reference. The one is for referring privacy policies and it will not be visible inside the app, but in play store. There is a page where you could check the filled information on web, the link is safe and it basically uses google sheets. 

Security

The security of your personal information is important to me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, I cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 13/06/2023 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

I reserve the right to update or change my Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. If I make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, I will notify you either through the email address you have provided me, or by placing a prominent notice on my app.


Contact Information
For any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy, please send me an email to abdulajonov01@gmail.com
